## Date of Retrospective 3: 03/06/2024
- Led by: Sunhu Choi
- Present: Anushka Vijay, Sunhu Choi, Peter Liang, Mujia Chen, Mike Wang, Kaveri Iyer
- Absent: Karan Mageswaran(Extra comments in Retro Assessment section for his participation)

## Action Items:
- Goal: Begin finalization of features that we believe we can implement and leave out features we are not certain that we can do. Final bits of functionality and UI improvements should be top priority going into the last 2 weeks. 
- Change: Start cutting down on a lot of issues on the project Kanban Board to only include issues that we can guarantee are doable. Any blocked issues should be quickly assessed to determine whether they should be dropped or not.
- Commitment: The team pledges to get together as frequently as possible, particularly this Saturday, to work on all issues that are guaranteed to be doable and do not require API calls. 
- Measurement: The team will use GitHub contributions and work together to keep each other accountable on reaching our goals.

## Retro Assessment:
- Just like the previous 2 retros, we used the website easyretro.io with the original 3 columns start/stop/continue, and also a new column called "Venting Frustrations" for team members to make comments on certain things that have caused them problems throughout the past weeks inbetween retro 2 and retro 3 that don't fit well into the other categories.
- Everyone was engaged and provided comments regarding many of the cards from each category. Most people had the same suggestions and opinions on what needed to be done ASAP. Cards in start,stop, and continue are largely connected on the same idea that a functionality list should be finalized.
- As stated by the previous Retro leader, Mike, in the retro 2 md file, we've gotten more consistent with attendance, which was one of the main stop category cards that came up during the last retro.
- Karan was absent during our retro, but he still participated by adding cards to each category and explained to the rest of the group what he believed we needed to do. He explained he wants to divide work as best as possible going into the final week of this project and gave his appreciations to the rest of the group for wokring hard, particularly Anushka. 

## Experiment/Change:
- As aforementioned, everyone in the group agreed that we must all hone in on specific things that we believe are guaranteed to be doable, and drop anything we are uncertain of. 

![image](https://github.com/ucsb-cs148-w24/project-pj12-appblocker/assets/91865075/d8c1b046-dff4-4d51-ba0c-80df5563e7ac)

