Karankumar started off the project by creating the code skeleton from which the team was able to build on. It contianed the three main pages, some UI elements and modifiers that could be reused while working on the project such as the Circle Progres Bar, the Rectangle backgrouns, and color Assetts. It also contained placeholder sheet views for screen time, sharing, and account views. Moving on, I spent a huge amount of time in the middle trying to get DeviceActivityMonitor to work. Ultimately, it never did and despite sending Feedback requests to Apple, diligently checking and posting on Apple Developer forums, and discussing with the whole team, no one can seem to find a reason as to why the methods in my DeviceActivityMonitor extension weren't being called when they were supposed to (but also not giving us an error). Moving on, after we had decided it was sucking up too much of my time, we decided to keep the blocking functionality to just choosing apps - rather than being able to set time limits like we hoped to be able to do with DeviceActivityMonitor - and I began to work with Anushka on the SummaryView. Getting DeviceActivityReport to work was also a massive challenge, and we faced many problems that were out of our control such as the View lagging or crashing when switching tabs since - accoridng to Apple - "the view was not designed to be called multiple times." However, we ultimately got it sorted out, and began work on populating the Home Page. Much thanks to Anushka for this section as she went out of her way to help me and spend a lot of time on pulling the app together during this time. Finally, I worked on some small animations and UI consistency fixes with Kavi and Mike towards the end of our project.
