### Sunhu Choi: 
Currently, the contributions graph shows I have a lot of lines added and deleted but this is a little misleading, since a lot of my GitHub contributions came from documentation which inflated a lot of my numbers. As the only non-Apple user, I ended up doing a lot of documentation instead, but also did most of my programming via pair programming. While we were learning how to use Apple's ScreenTimeAPI, I worked alongside Anushka and helped do some coding on her laptop. While working with backend, I worked alongside Peter to set up Firebase and Firestore which are being used for our login information currently. 

### Kaveri Iyer: 
I think my contributions graph is not necessarily indicative of my actual contributions to the codebase. For some of my listed contributions, I was actually a reviewer, and not the person who made the code changes. This is shown in commits such as https://github.com/ucsb-cs148-w24/project-pj12-appblocker/commit/aac0a37bafe20796ad5386cf442d3bc562bdf395. My main tasks on the team was documenting meetings and leading the UX/UI decisions. Mujia and I worked together on the initial mockup, and I took over for the MVP as well as the User Flow. 
I consistently kept our figma mockup up to date, and created design guidelines through that. I also did quite a bit of pair programming with Anushka and Karan throughout the summary page development process. Thus I do not have many lines of code added in my name, though I do have several commits of sprint documentation updates.

### Anushka Vijay: 
Anushka has been working on the summary api and rendering the api on to the summary page, formulating the pie chart and top apps for the user. Additionally, she has been working on the buttons for changing a user’s screen time goal and will work on rendering apps to display on the home page and continue with sprint planning and issue creation and assignment. Specifically I have worked on the issues for fixing the pie chart for the MVP, presenting and rendering the summary data, and rendering the home page information with buttons

### Mike Wang:
The contribution graph on the GitHub repo is not very accurate. GitHub gives the credit to the person who merges the changes rather than who writes and commits the code, so I think it's easier to ignore the graph and explain it here. For this project, I mainly worked on 4 different parts. First I helped everyone set up xcode and clone the github repo because the process is very different and a little confusing. Then I mainly worked on the login page. I first followed the firebase documentations to setup logging in with google authentication, then added the welcome page where the user can swipe up and access the login page. Then I focused on testing, and wrote unit tests and integration tests for the login features. Lastly my job is to make sure the UI is consistant across the whole app.

### Peter Liang: 
Contributed to set up firestore database to hold user's information and connect it to our app. Created a sign in page to guide users to sign up with their username and store in database, also making sure unique username for each user. Connect users to the content view after a successful login. Finished add friend page to allow users to add and remove other users as friends by searching up their emails in the database. Improved user experience by making add/remove friends appears in both user's end. Updated profile page by fetching user's name and email and displaying in profile page. Worked on file userDB, LoginView, addFriendView, TitleBarModifier.

### Mujia Chen: 
I implement a time selection feature which is used later in SharingView. I also implement the AddFriendView page with Peter (I coded the swift file and he works on the backend stuff). I implement the SharingView so that users can enter their total screen time and this jumps to FriendView which I'm doing right row.
And I adjust the background color for these files to make UI consistent.

### Karankumar Mageswaran:
I worked on the code skeleton, which were mainly the tabs, title bar, and background colors for both the day and night modes of the app. 
I created the limit sheet view, the fuctionality that allows you to select and block apps, making it block with device activity monitor (beefree model and beefree schedule). The dark mode/light mode was buggy at first, but I managed to recently get it working again. Anushka and I worked alongside eachother to make the summary page show screentime with device activity report from Apple's ScreenTimeAPI. Currently, it shows the top 5 apps. I also added a function that allows users to select their screen time goals, which are then reflected on a pi chart that changes colors depending on how close the user is to passing their screen time limit. 
